Docs: Updated the Logs in Explore doc (#90671)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/explore/logs-integration.md

Explore is a powerful tool for logging and log analysis. It allows you to investigate logs from different data sources including:

- [Loki](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/loki/)
- [Elasticsearch](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/elasticsearch/)
- [Cloudwatch](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/)
- [InfluxDB](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/influxdb/)
- [Azure Monitor](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/azure-monitor/)
- [ClickHouse](https://github.com/grafana/clickhouse-datasource)

With Explore, you can efficiently monitor, troubleshoot, and respond to incidents by analyzing your logs and identifying the root causes. It also helps you to correlate logs with other telemetry signals such as metrics, traces or profiles, by viewing them side-by-side.

The results of log queries display as individual log lines and as a graph showing the logs volume for the selected time period.

## Logs volume

> When working with data sources that support a full range logs volume, Explore automatically displays a graph showing the log distribution for all submitted log queries. **This feature is currently supported by the Elasticsearch and Loki data sources.**

Reviewer: Don't use bold for emphasis: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#bold

```suggestion
When working with data sources that support a full range logs volume, Explore automatically displays a graph showing the log distribution for all submitted log queries. **This feature is currently supported by the Elasticsearch and Loki data sources.**
```

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> In Loki, generating the full range log volume via a metric query can be resource-intensive, depending on the time range queried. This is especially challenging for smaller Loki installations. To mitigate this, we recommend using a proxy like [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/) in front of Loki to set a custom timeout (e.g., 10 seconds) for these queries. Log volume histogram queries can be identified by looking for queries with the HTTP header `X-Query-Tags` with value `Source=logvolhist`; these headers are added by Grafana to all log volume histogram queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Loki, generating the full range log volume via a metric query can be resource-intensive, depending on the time range queried. This is especially challenging for smaller Loki installations. To mitigate this, we recommend that you use a proxy like [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/) in front of Loki with a timeout like 10ss. Log volume histogram queries can be identified by looking for queries with the HTTP header `X-Query-Tags` with value `Source=logvolhist`; these headers are added by Grafana to all log volume histogram queries.
```

| **Deduplication**         | Log data can be very repetitive. Explore hides duplicate log lines using a few different deduplication algorithms. **Exact** matches are done on the whole line except for date fields. **Numbers** matches are done on the line after stripping out numbers such as durations, IP addresses, and so on. **Signature** is the most aggressive deduplication as it strips all letters and numbers and matches on the remaining whitespace and punctuation. |
| **Display results order** | You can change the order of received logs from the default descending order (newest first) to ascending order (oldest first).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

### Download log lines

> Click **Download** to download log results in either `TXT` or `JSON` format. This feature allows you to save log data for further analysis or to share it with others in a convenient and accessible format.

Reviewer 2: Based on the feedback here https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/90671/files#r1687040993, look like TXT and JSON should be lower case 🤔

- **Error -** Displays any errors in your log results.
- **Common labels -** Displays common labels.
- **Total bytes processed -** Represents the cumulative size of the log data processed in bytes.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The availability of certain metadata may vary depending on the data source, so you might only see details related to those specific data sources.
{{< /admonition >}}

### Escaping newlines

Explore automatically detects some incorrectly escaped sequences in log lines, such as newlines (`\n`, `\r`) or tabs (`\t`). When it detects such sequences, Explore provides an **Escape newlines** option.

To automatically fix incorrectly escaped sequences that Explore has detected:

1. Click **Escape newlines** to replace the sequences.
2. Review returned log lines.

Explore replaces these sequences, changing the option from **Escape newlines** to **Remove escaping**. Assess the changes, as the parsing may not be accurate based on the input. To revert the replacements, click **Remove escaping**.

### Log level

For logs where a `level` label is specified, the value of this label is used to determine the log level and update the color of each log line accordingly.

> If the log doesn't have a specified level label, Grafana attempts to determine if its content matches any of the supported expressions. See the table below for more information. The log level is always determined by the first match. If Grafana isn't able to infer a log level field, it gets visualized as an unknown log level.

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#below

```suggestion
If the log doesn't have a specified level label, Grafana attempts to determine if its content matches any of the supported expressions.
Refer to the following table for more information. The log level is always determined by the first match. If Grafana isn't able to infer a log level field, it gets visualized as an unknown log level.
```

{{< admonition type="tip" >}}

> When using the Loki data source, if `level` is part of your log line, you can use parsers such as JSON, logfmt, or regex to extract the level information into a level label. This label is used to determine the level value, allowing the histogram to display the various log levels as separate bars.

Reviewer: I think they should be in code because they are part of the query language: https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/send-data/promtail/stages/json/

```suggestion
When using the Loki data source, if `level` is part of your log line, you can use parsers such as `json`, `logfmt`, or `regex` to extract the level information into a level label. This label is used to determine the level value, allowing the histogram to display the various log levels as separate bars.
```
